README.md, before:

## Hi there 👋

- 🔭 I’m currently working on my personal portfolio website.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Parallax effects, lazy loading, and on-demand content loading.
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on animations built with TypeScript.
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with APIs, context, hooks, services, and utils.
- 💬 Ask me about front-end, back-end, or anything related to programming.
- 📫 How to reach me: feel free to reach out via GitHub!
- 😄 Pronouns: she/her
- ⚡ Fun fact: My head explodes when I think too much — but I keep doing it anyway!

<img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Fira+Code&pause=1000&color=1699F9&width=435&lines=Hi!+I'm+a+full-stack+developer!;I+like+coding+and+developing" />

## Stats

![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=mtalala&layout=compact&theme=transparent)

## Summary Cards

![](http://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/profile-details?username=mtalala&theme=transparent)

![](http://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/stats?username=mtalala&theme=transparent) ![](http://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/productive-time?username=mtalala&theme=transparent&utcOffset=8)

## GitHub Activity Graph

[![Millie's github activity graph](https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=mtalala&theme=github-compact)](https://github.com/ashutosh00710/github-readme-activity-graph)

Commit message:

Update personal information in README.md

README.md, after:

## Hi there 👋

- 🔭 I’m currently working on finding new ideas, inspirations, and projects.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning SwiftUI terminology — things like modifiers, properties, and all those little magic details.
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on animations built with TypeScript and apps using SwiftUI.
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with Authentication — like building login systems, user accounts, and secure access.
- 💬 Ask me about front-end, back-end, or anything related to programming.
- 📫 How to reach me: feel free to reach out via GitHub!
- 😄 Pronouns: she/her
- ⚡ Fun fact: My head explodes when I think too much — but I keep doing it anyway!

<img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Fira+Code&pause=1000&color=1699F9&width=435&lines=Hi!+I'm+a+full-stack+developer!;I+like+coding+and+developing" />

## Stats

![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=mtalala&layout=compact&theme=transparent)

## Summary Cards

![](http://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/profile-details?username=mtalala&theme=transparent)

![](http://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/stats?username=mtalala&theme=transparent) ![](http://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/productive-time?username=mtalala&theme=transparent&utcOffset=8)

## GitHub Activity Graph

[![Millie's github activity graph](https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=mtalala&theme=github-compact)](https://github.com/ashutosh00710/github-readme-activity-graph)
